but it seems an example that to my glory
he would not like to be told that no
rather it seems to me that what would be
observe and not fall into the situation
Facilitator who seems to be a president
of mouth because to intervene and observe what
happens in that wardrobe because beyond
It is not new
and then
I hear you let's talk and the truth
that you do not come here is in trasmirás that
camera and he victoriously looking for use is
a Buddhist convention in the cousins the
dalai lama
with men or women
riquelme no no it's that you do not call me I have
first name
the championship has started
but does not recognize that the majority
but it's not bad because my mouth
animal
what is wrong
what atrocity is brave has
employees who complain that their wardrobe
It is a quilombo
is very happily saying people
he wants to manage his wardrobe
positive and negative
to all the world
because they had a card
not bad
everything is worth
let's talk about the types that
they were no longer the divisions
between the clear studies
it is said that our city
minutes
as where I kept a truth and not
there are things that are believed that with this
history are employees
employees of the company
second I like paulo I have a
ask we are journalists
sometimes you wanted to turn over some
content my classmates
once daily